good morning so um please excuse the wet
hair I've just had a shower
[Music]
it's actually really really late
it's nearly nine o'clock basically I
slept through my alarm which I set for
7:00 but I think it's because I ended up
going to bed past one o'clock and I was
just really tired so today I'm gonna get
a much earlier night because I do want
to make up earlier and my room is a tiny
bit messy it's just my beds all made but
it looks messy because my bed's I made
so I'm just gonna make my bed and then
make myself well I'm gonna make some
myself some breakfast so it can cook
whilst I'm making my bed
[Music]
I genuinely think I'm gonna need a stool
for this quit I'm so short so I thought
I packed in normal spoon but actually I
got this one so I might have to buy some
Carberry
[Music]
I'm just a microwave because we don't
have one at home okay and then what
cooks I'm just gonna put my phone on
charge and get this bed made
[Music]
porridge so I basically just got some
cacao nibs flax seed mix spice and
frozen cherries and it's made with
peaches either spits wet so it's not my
car and my hair is still very wet so
that's why but it opt to
[Music]
[Applause]
so passionately put up on my pin board
is the heart voice of society okay so
I'm back home now
sullenly where to say home I'm back in
my room now and it's nearly 10 o'clock
I just decided to sort out my wardrobe
finally because I still had everything
in packing cubes and so it wasn't that
convenient actually fine things so I've
just put away my tops and bottoms I
still need to do have underwear and
socks that's one thing I haven't done
um but I think I need one more basket to
do that so I'm gonna wait I'm just gonna
do some editing quickly now oh and
actually funny story I didn't say
earlier basically I got locked out of my
room because I hung a bag on the inside
door handle and it meant that when I
tried to open it with my key it just
didn't work and it and the door wouldn't
open so I meant to come back to my room
and upload a video but I couldn't so
instead I decided to run over to the
main campus and I wanted to go to the
library but then I bumped into this girl
called at least he was very very nice
and she was going to this talk so I just
decided to go with her and it was really
good fun and then I basically just
stayed I'm sorry that I've been quite
inconsistent with locking I'm gonna try
and be better it's just when I've just
met someone it feels really strange to
just take out a camera and start filming
them because obviously that's not for
everyone but thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and have productive week